We wanted to share a portrayal of life
as a Witness back in the early 1900’s.
This unique dramatization
about the endurance needed
as a Kingdom proclaimer
was previously shown to delegates
at some international conventions
held in one city in 2014.
This is a gift video that we received.
The title is
Knock! Knock!
Where are the dead?
Would you wish that question
answered according to man’s theory
or to have the answer
as pointed out in the Bible?
You will say that man’s answer
would be only a guess.
And yet there is no truth
more clearly taught in the Bible
than that of the resurrection of the dead.
If the dead are to live again,
then they must be resurrected,
and God has provided
that there shall be a resurrection.
The resurrection of Jesus Christ
is a guarantee
that all who have died
must be awakened out of death
and given a knowledge of the truth.
All mankind were born in sin,
and the death of the perfect man Jesus
provided the purchase price
for the right of man to live again,
and in due time Jesus
will awaken them out of death.
All of the dead in God’s due time
shall be awakened out of death.
“And God shall wipe away
all tears from their eyes;
“and there shall be no more death,
“neither sorrow, nor crying,
neither shall there be any more pain:
for the former things are passed away.”
The resurrection
will bring boundless joy to those
who obey God under Christ’s Kingdom.
The obedient ones on earth
during the reign of Christ
will be given everlasting life on the earth
in complete happiness and joy.
Jehovah’s way is always right and true.
Learn that way and live.
The word “resurrection”
means “a standing up again” to life.
If, as claimed by the clergy,
the dead are alive in purgatory
or some other place,
then it follows
that there could be no resurrection;
and yet there is no truth more clearly taught
in the Bible than that of the . . .